HTML autocorrect attribute (#35692)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/email/index.md

## Additional attributes

> In addition to the [global attributes](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes) (except [`autocorrect`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/autocorrect)), and the attributes that operate on all {{HTMLElement("input")}} elements regardless of their type, `email` inputs support the following attributes.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to the [global attributes](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes), and the attributes that operate on all {{HTMLElement("input")}} elements regardless of their type, `email` inputs support the following attributes.

> [!NOTE]
> The [`autocorrect`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/autocorrect) global attribute can be added to email inputs, but the stored state is always `off`.
```
